README.md, before:

<!-- KAM LOGO -->
<div align="center">
  <img width="500" alt="KAM-System-Logo" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36643475/152907446-a8c2c445-e7cb-44ab-9ed6-5b164b41f81a.png">
</div>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## Project Details

The KAM System is a type of regulatory technology (RegTech) built for handling AML and KYC compliance processes for the financial industry. This system enables financial institutions to protect their financial services and products from money laundering activities. KAM offers prevention, detection, and reporting for AML compliance that is consistent with the latest regulations in the United States. KAM employs cutting-edge technology in AI and blockchain to provide efficient and reliable software for financial businesses. For further details on this project refer to the [White Paper](https://github.com/kam-regtech/kam-system/files/7991298/Master.s.Project.Report.pdf)

**DISCLAIMER:** This software is to complete my Master's Project in the Computer Science Department at Texas Tech University. 

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started
### Prerequisites
### Installation

<!-- LICENSE -->
## License
This project is distributed under the GLP License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact
Ti'Ara Carroll - tiara.carroll@ttu.edu | tncarroll99@gmail.com | [LinkedIn](www.linkedin.com/in/ti-ara-carroll-623b00168)

<!-- <p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p> -->

Commit message:

KYC Onboarding Service (#20)
* updated homepage information to match revisions

* updated readme

* updated kyc files for FI and customer

* updated backend microservices standalone applications

* kyc application process and service setup backend

* comments, CORS in microservices updates, organization

* update to individual application form UI and functionality

README.md, after:

<!-- KAM LOGO -->
<div align="center">
  <img width="500" alt="KAM-System-Logo" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36643475/152907446-a8c2c445-e7cb-44ab-9ed6-5b164b41f81a.png">
</div>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## Project Details

The KAM System is a type of regulatory technology (RegTech) built for handling KYC compliance processes for the financial industry. This system enables financial institutions to protect their financial services and products from money laundering activities. KAM offers frictionless onboarding, ongoing customer screening, and secure recordkeeping of customer identification information for KYC compliance that is consistent with the latest regulations in the United States. KAM employs cutting-edge technology in AI and blockchain to provide efficient and reliable software for financial businesses. For further details on this project refer to the [White Paper](https://github.com/kam-regtech/kam-system/files/7991298/Master.s.Project.Report.pdf)

**DISCLAIMER:** This software is to complete my Master's Project in the Computer Science Department at Texas Tech University. 

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started
### Prerequisites
### Installation

<!-- LICENSE -->
## License
This project is distributed under the GLP License. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact
Ti'Ara Carroll - tiara.carroll@ttu.edu | tncarroll99@gmail.com | [LinkedIn](www.linkedin.com/in/ti-ara-carroll-623b00168)

<!-- <p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p> -->
